Add content for documentary keynote (#1270)
EuroPython/website: src/content/keynoters/documentary.mdx

---

> name: "Python: the Documentary" screening and Q&A

Reviewer: This should fix the build:

```suggestion
name: '"Python: the Documentary" screening and Q&A'
```

Author: Done! Thanks for spotting that!

image: ./cultrepo.svg

> slug: documentary-and-q-and-a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> tagline: Keynote panel and screening of "Python: the Documentary" by CultRepo (formerly Honeypot)

Reviewer: Oops, I missed this one.

```suggestion
tagline: 'Keynote panel and screening of "Python: the Documentary" by CultRepo (formerly Honeypot)'
```
